; vim: cc=22,37,52 vsts=21,15,15,4

;;; ft links
pythonInclude                       -> Statement
javaScriptFunction                  -> Statement
javaScriptIdentifier                -> Statement
yamlBlockMappingKey                 -> Statement
rubyDefine                          -> Statement
rubyMacro                           -> Statement
sqlKeyword                          -> Statement
vimVar                              -> Normal
vimOper                             -> Normal
vimSep                              -> Normal
vimParenSep                         -> Normal
gitCommitSummary                    -> Title
fugitiveHeader                      -> Title
fugitiveHeading                     -> Title
fugitiveStagedHeading               -> Title
fugitiveUnstagedHeading             -> Title
fugitiveUntrackedHeading            -> Title
diffRemoved                         -> DiffDelete
diffAdded                           -> DiffAdd
colortemplateKey                    -> Title
SelectMatched                       -> String
elixirKeyword                       -> Statement
elixirBlockDefinition               -> Statement
elixirModuleDefine                  -> Statement
elixirDefine                        -> Statement
elixirOperator                      -> Normal
elixirModuleDeclaration             -> Title
