; vim: cc=22,37,52 vsts=21,15,15,4

;;; Links
ErrorMsg                            -> Error
FoldColumn                          -> LineNr
LineNrAbove                         -> LineNr
LineNrBelow                         -> LineNr
Terminal                            -> Normal
StatuslineTerm                      -> Statusline
StatuslineTermNC                    -> StatuslineNC
TabLineFill                         -> TabLine
EndOfBuffer                         -> NonText
SpecialKey                          -> NonText
Debug                               -> Special

;;; ft links
pythonInclude                       -> Statement
javaScriptFunction                  -> Statement
javaScriptIdentifier                -> Statement
yamlBlockMappingKey                 -> Statement
rubyDefine                          -> Statement
rubyMacro                           -> Statement
sqlKeyword                          -> Statement
vimVar                              -> Normal
vimOper                             -> Normal
vimSep                              -> Normal
vimParenSep                         -> Normal
gitCommitSummary                    -> Title
fugitiveHeader                      -> Title
fugitiveHeading                     -> Title
fugitiveStagedHeading               -> Title
fugitiveUnstagedHeading             -> Title
fugitiveUntrackedHeading            -> Title
diffRemoved                         -> DiffDelete
diffAdded                           -> DiffAdd
colortemplateKey                    -> Title

