; vim: ft=colortemplate cc=34 vsts=33,4
;; filetype and plugins
vimCommentString                 -> Comment
sqlKeyword                       -> Statement
Quote                            -> String
markdownUrl                      -> String
markdownHeadingDelimiter         -> Statement
markdownHeadingRule              -> Statement
markdownListMarker               -> Constant
rstSectionDelimiter              -> Statement
rstDirective                     -> Special
asciidoctorH1Delimiter           -> Statement
asciidoctorH2Delimiter           -> Statement
asciidoctorH3Delimiter           -> Statement
asciidoctorH4Delimiter           -> Statement
asciidoctorH5Delimiter           -> Statement
asciidoctorH6Delimiter           -> Statement
asciidoctorSetextHeaderDelimiter -> Statement
asciidoctorTitleDelimiter        -> Statement
asciidoctorListMarker            -> Constant
asciidoctorBlock                 -> Special
asciidoctorCode                  -> String
asciidoctorOption                -> Special
lspDiagVirtualTextError          -> Removed
lspDiagSignErrorText             -> Removed
lspDiagVirtualTextWarning        -> Changed
lspDiagSignWarningText           -> Changed
lspDiagVirtualTextHint           -> Added
lspDiagSignHintText              -> Added
lspDiagVirtualTextInfo           -> Question
lspDiagSignInfoText              -> Question
