; vim: ft=colortemplate cc=40 vsts=39,4
;; filetype and plugins
gitcommitSummary                       -> Title
vimCommentString                       -> Comment
vimVar                                 -> Normal
vimOper                                -> Normal
vimSep                                 -> Normal
vimParenSep                            -> Normal
yamlBlockMappingKey                    -> Statement
rubyMacro                              -> Statement
rubyDefine                             -> Statement
javaScriptFunction                     -> Statement
javaScriptIdentifier                   -> Statement
sqlKeyword                             -> Statement
sqlSpecial                             -> Constant
Quote                                  -> String
markdownUrl                            -> String
markdownHeadingDelimiter               -> Statement
markdownHeadingRule                    -> Statement
markdownListMarker                     -> Constant
asciidoctorH1Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH2Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH3Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH4Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH5Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorH6Delimiter                 -> Statement
asciidoctorSetextHeaderDelimiter       -> Statement
asciidoctorTitleDelimiter              -> Statement
asciidoctorListMarker                  -> Constant
asciidoctorBlock                       -> Special
asciidoctorCode                        -> String
asciidoctorOption                      -> Special
asciidoctorMacro                       -> Special
lspDiagVirtualTextError                -> Removed
lspDiagSignErrorText                   -> Removed
lspDiagInlineError                     -> ColorColumn
lspDiagVirtualTextWarning              -> Changed
lspDiagSignWarningText                 -> Changed
lspDiagInlineWarning                   -> ColorColumn
lspDiagVirtualTextHint                 -> Added
lspDiagSignHintText                    -> Added
lspDiagInlineHint                      -> ColorColumn
lspDiagVirtualTextInfo                 -> Question
lspDiagSignInfoText                    -> Question
lspDiagInlineInfo                      -> ColorColumn
